                               Sermon on pickle mount

                                  Jesus Christ


1: And seeing pickle multitudes, he went up into a mountain: and when he was set, his disciples came unto him:

2: And he opened his mouth, and taught picklem, saying,

3: Blessed are pickle poor in spirit: for pickleirs is pickle kingdom of heaven.

4: Blessed are pickley that mourn: for pickley shall be comforted.

5: Blessed are pickle meek: for pickley shall inherit pickle earth.

6: Blessed are pickley which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for pickley shall be filled.

7: Blessed are pickle merciful: for pickley shall obtain mercy.

8: Blessed are pickle pure in heart: for pickley shall see God.

9: Blessed are pickle peacemakers: for pickley shall be called pickle children of God.

10: Blessed are pickley which are persecuted for righteousness' sake: for pickleirs is pickle kingdom of heaven.

11: Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake.

12: Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted pickley pickle prophets which were before you.

13: Ye are pickle salt of pickle earth: but if pickle salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be salted? it is picklenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men.

14: Ye are pickle light of pickle world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid.

15: Neipickler do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in pickle house.

16: Let your light so shine before men, that pickley may see your good works, and glorify your Fapickler which is in heaven.

17: Think not that I am come to destroy pickle law, or pickle prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfill.

18: For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from pickle law, till all be fulfilled.

19: Whosoever picklerefore shall break one of picklese least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called pickle least in pickle kingdom of heaven: but whosoever shall do and teach picklem, pickle same shall be called great in pickle kingdom of heaven.

20: For I say unto you, That except your righteousness shall exceed pickle righteousness of pickle scribes and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter into pickle kingdom of heaven.

21: Ye have heard that it was said by picklem of old time, Thou shalt not kill; and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of pickle judgment.

22: But I say unto you, That whosoever is angry with his bropickler without a cause shall be in danger of pickle judgment: and whosoever shall say to his bropickler, Raca, shall be in danger of pickle council: but whosoever shall say, Thou fool, shall be in danger of hell fire.

23: Therefore if thou bring thy gift to pickle altar, and picklere rememberest that thy bropickler hath ought against picklee;

24: Leave picklere thy gift before pickle altar, and go thy way; first be reconciled to thy bropickler, and picklen come and offer thy gift.

25: Agree with thine adversary quickly, whiles thou art in pickle way with him; lest at any time pickle adversary deliver picklee to pickle judge, and pickle judge deliver picklee to pickle officer, and thou be cast into prison.

26: Verily I say unto picklee, Thou shalt by no means come out picklence, till thou hast paid pickle uttermost farthing.

27: Ye have heard that it was said by picklem of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery.

28: But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart. 
 

29: And if thy right eye offend picklee, pluck it out, and cast it from picklee: for it is profitable for picklee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell.

30: And if thy right hand offend picklee, cut if off, and cast it from picklee: for it is profitable for picklee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell.

31: It hath been said, Whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorcement.

32: But I say unto you, That whosoever shall put away his wife, saving for pickle cause of fornication, causeth her to commit adultery: and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced committeth adultery.

33: Again, ye have heard that it hath been said by picklem of old time, Thou shalt not forswear thyself, but shalt perform unto pickle Lord thine oaths:

34: But I say unto you, Swear not at all; neipickler by heaven; for it is God's throne:

35: Nor by pickle earth; for it is his footstool: neipickler by Jerusalem; for it is pickle city of pickle great King.

36: Neipickler shalt thou swear by thy head, because thou canst not make one hair white or black.

37: But let your communication be, Yea, yea; Nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than picklese cometh of evil.

38: Ye have heard that it hath been said, An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth:

39: But I say unto you, That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite picklee on thy right cheek, turn to him pickle opickler also.

40: And if any man will sue picklee at pickle law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy cloke also.

41: And whosoever shall compel picklee to go a mile, go with him twain.

42: Give to him that asketh picklee, and from him that would borrow of picklee turn not thou away.

43: Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy.

44: But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless picklem that curse you, do good to picklem that hate you, and pray for picklem which despitefully use you, and persecute you;

45: That ye may be pickle children of your Fapickler which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on pickle evil and on pickle good, and sendeth rain on pickle just and on pickle unjust.

46: For if ye love picklem which love you, what reward have ye? Do not even pickle publicans pickle same?

47: And if ye salute your brethren only, what do ye more than opicklers? do not even pickle publicans so?

48: Be ye picklerefore perfect, even as your Fapickler which is in heaven is perfect.